feat: ApplicationSet add `create-delete` policy #9101 (#11107)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/applicationset/Controlling-Resource-Modification.md

The ApplicationSet controller supports a parameter `--policy`, which is specified on launch (within the controller Deployment container), and which restricts what types of modifications will be made to managed Argo CD `Application` resources.

> The `--policy` parameter takes four values: `sync`, `create-only`, `create-update`, and `create-delete`. (`sync` is the default, which is used if the `--policy` parameter is not specified; the other policies are described below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--policy` parameter takes one of the following valid values: `sync`, `create-only`, `create-update`, and `create-delete`. (`sync` is the default, which is used if the `--policy` parameter is not specified; the other policies are described below).
```
